The situation is not optimistic
The bullet has been taken out
But it hurts the heart
It's hard to wake up
Doctor, you mean he hasn't been out of danger yet?
So if he wakes up, he'll be okay?
It's hard to say yet.
Send it in and observe it again.
You're all prepared.
You give me a good talk, I'll give you another chance, you say it again
know
Even if I say it five or ten times
And here's the thing.
It's not like the heart.
Can survive
Have you caught Qu Lingling?
He escaped that line
I'll come to Xiaoqi
Use your data search function
Find Qu Lingling
Send his lips to the police station
If you can wake up from eating roots
I just want what he does
Shi Ge
Wake up quickly!
Forgive you.